# Borderless Interoperability Engine

ReneVerse is an infrastructure designed to usher in a new breed of video games that puts interconnectivity first, whether that is between player and developer or between an asset from one game and the environment of another. To achieve this level of interoperability, ReneVerse presents a new borderless interoperability engine as the foundation of its platform, created with ease of implementation and ease of use in mind.

The Borderless Interoperability Engine exists at the center of a set of ReneVerse technologies and flows that facilitate the seamless mobility, transfer, and interchange of game assets between separate games, providing benefits to both player and developer. The remainder of these tools are designed to help users navigate and manipulate this interoperability engine to its full potential. Ranging from player onboarding and game connection services to intricate asset editing and blockchain technology, the ReneVerse suite of tools exists to enhance the player and developer experience.

The Borderless Interoperability Engine is flexible and is optimized to suit a wide range of needs. The game developers of each will have complete control of what value they want to extract from the Engine on ReneVerse. Either open up partially or fully for other games and ecosystems - it is entirely up to the game to decide. For example, if games at the latest stage of saturation want to extract even more value from their valuable IP - they can upload those licensed assets on ReneVerse Assets Catalog, improving their value proposition and having a stream of licensing fees if they choose so. On the other hand, if a game developer is just starting out they would benefit from integrating various assets across the open ecosystem to improve the player experiences.&#x20;
