# Multichain Support

ReneVerse also offers Multichain Support for all games that integrate the SDK. Multichain Support, as the name suggests, allows game developers and studios to select the blockchain of their choice when uploading digital asset NFTs and integrating their game with ReneVerse. At the time of writing, Ethereum is the first available blockchain network for ReneVerse asset minting, and many more are on the way, including Binance Smart Chain (BSC) and Polygon. Other highly scalable Layer 2 blockchain networks are also in pipeline, such as Optimism, Arbitrum, and zkBNB. \*With current architecture, it takes ReneVerse less than a week to effectively support a new chain.

An important feature of Multichain Support that is crucial to note is that every ReneVerse-connected game can import, export, and render digital asset NFTs from other games regardless of which blockchain those assets were minted. For example, if Game A has its assets minted on Ethereum and Game B has its assets minted on BSC, a player can transfer his NFT from Game A to Game B and play with it in Game B.&#x20;

The presence of this blockchain-agnosticism makes it easy for developers to select their blockchain of choice based on the advantages they may offer in terms of scalability, security, or decentralization without worrying about their individual drawbacks. Of course, for players, this means that asset interoperability and cross-game compatibility is preserved, so they are totally free to play borderless games and interact with other players regardless of the underlying blockchain.
