# Overview

ReneVerse is enabling and empowering players and developers to take part in a new ecosystem of cross-compatible games with digital gaming assets with inherent value. This new paradigm of borderless gaming makes use of blockchain technology to identify and tokenize digital assets such that they are identifiable, appraisable, and most importantly, ownable. These borderless assets can then be purchased, sold, staked, lent or borrowed, and even transferred between games that have been integrated with ReneVerse.

The Borderless Interoperability Engine exists at the center of a set of ReneVerse technologies and flows that facilitate the seamless mobility, transfer, and interchange of game assets between separate games, providing benefits to both player and developer. The remainder of these tools are designed to help users navigate and manipulate this interoperability engine to its full potential. Ranging from player onboarding and game connection services to intricate asset editing and blockchain technology, the ReneVerse suite of tools exists to enhance the player and developer experience.

The ReneVerse enables players and game developers to tokenize their items and achievements and better benefit from the value of these digital assets. Our solution encourages economic activity by encouraging players and developers to profit from their digital assets while also providing players with a greater pool of usable assets that can be ported between games. Independent developers, in particular, can benefit from the portability and utility of NFT assets, as their work can be integrated into the games of big-budget studios and vice-versa.
