# ReneVerse Asset Hub

For digital asset NFTs in the ReneVerse ecosystem to not only migrate from one game to another but also cohabitate with the same games, they must be altered in various ways. For example, a digital asset from a 2D game environment cannot simply be transferred to a 3D game environment as is. Otherwise, it would clash with the new environment in multiple ways, including but not limited to mismatching object physics, unrelated or illogical statistics or item performance, and much more.

ReneVerse’s Asset Hub allows players and developers to access an extensive library of in-game ReneVerse assets and customize them so that they look and function according to the design language of a new game environment. These assets can be uploaded by developers for use in any ReneVerse-connected game, and players are able to select their desired in-game assets and import them into their game of choice. A vital feature of the Asset Hub is an included asset integration toolkit that allows developers to customize assets to fit into diverse game environments. This toolkit allows for character skins and models, NPCs, usable items, and other custom user assets to adopt customized metadata that effectively “translates” the asset’s qualities into the native language of the new environment.

The assets on the Assets Hub consist of a wide range of assets - from simple skins, and visual models, to revenue-generating advertisement slot assets, valuable AI-powered NPCs, and more cross-functional assets. In addition, the ReneVerse Catalog will offer assets from NFT collections that seek improved utility for their community that is holding them within the gaming realm.
