# Game Connect

GameConnect is the next user-friendly flow in the ReneVerse technology stack. Designed for gamers specifically, in order to connect games with just their email to ReneVerse.

Typical blockchain-native games maintain a regrettably high barrier to entry for average players as a result of two common mechanisms that are prevalent throughout the GameFi industry. The first of these is that most blockchain games are constructed without the necessary infrastructure that is required for players to store blockchain assets, namely blockchain wallets. Even if users are appropriately registered with a blockchain game, they are required to register for a third-party wallet service that supports NFT digital asset storage on the same blockchain that the game operates on. With all of the verification measures these additional steps require, the registration process becomes lengthy and overcomplicated. The second of these is that most blockchain games require players to own an NFT in order to actually play. Since some of these NFTs can be quite expensive, players are oftentimes simply unable to justify the massive upfront financial cost that is required simply to participate in these games.

To streamline the process and reduce unnecessary friction, GameConnect allows players to connect with ReneVerse borderless assets and unlock all of ReneVerse’s other features through a simple email registration. Since ReneVerse provides digital asset NFT storage solutions natively through the ReneVerse Portal, there is no need to sign up for external third-party services. Additionally, ReneVerse leverages multiple technologies that provide fast and secure data storage and transfer, so users in the ReneVerse ecosystem are not limited by potentially clunky or unsafe third-party services that exist only on a specific blockchain.

GameConnect flow is available for players not only through the ReneVerse Portal and reneverse.io but also within ReneVerse’s borderless games. Developers that integrate the SDK into their games can incorporate connect flows into the playable experience of their games. This may manifest as an in-game asset selection menu flow or as a character customization.
